### Optimizing Pizza Scripts on the Mobile Portfolio Site
Access the website by opening file *index.html* in your favorite browswer. Click on *Cam's Pizzeria* if you're hungry for some unnatural combination of meat, cheese and bread. Several revisions to main.js were implemented to make the code more efficient. These changes should ensure content rendering is snappy on a broad range of desktop and mobile devices:
* Changed usage of *querySelector* and *querySelectorAll* to *getElementById* and *getElementsByClassname*, respectively
* In function *determineDx*, variables *dx* and *newWidth* were brought outside the *for* loop. A new array variable *pizzaBox* was added, and used within the *for* loop instead of repeatedly querying the DOM
* In the *for* loop that creates and appends random pizzas, brought variable *pizzasDiv* outside of the loop to avoid repeated DOM queries
* In function *updatePositions*, added variable *scrollVal*, which depends on *document.body.scrollTop*. *scrollVal* was brought outside of the *for* loop, because *document.body.scrollTop* value does not change between iterations.
* Created a new function *layoutPizzas*, which initializes the animated pizza background. *layoutPizzas* is triggered initially when DOM content is loaded, and whenever the user resizes the window. The original script for laying out pizzas created 200 new image elements, some of which were outside the viewport. This function determines the height of the window, and only creates enough image elements to fill the viewport. Positioning and rendering images of 40 pizzas should be less taxing on the user’s device than displaying 200 pizzas.